Constellation custom (#973)
pysat/pysat: docs/tutorial/tutorial_custom.rst

       return

Custom functions can also be applied at the :py:class:`Constellation` level,
which allows data from multiple :py:class:`Instrument` objects to be used by
a single function.  :py:class:`Constellation` level custom functions are applied
after :py:class:`Instrument` level functions.  Note that the Instrument loading

> order for this function is important.  An alternate method would be to identify

Reviewer: Looks to me that all Instruments are loaded and then the constellation functions are applied. I don't understand how load order is important.

Reviewer: Ah, the use of the index to access the relevant instrument. I'd suggest putting that point in there since the followup comment now makes more sense to me.

> after :py:class:`Instrument` level functions.  Note that the Instrument loading
> order for this function is important.  An alternate method would be to identify

Author: ```suggestion
after :py:class:`Instrument` level functions.  Note that the the way this
function identifies which Instrument to use means that the Instrument order
in :py:attr:`Constellation.instruments` is important.  An alternate method to
selected the desired :py:class:`Instrument` would be to identify
```

the desired :py:attr:`instruments` using the :py:attr:`platform`,
:py:attr:`name`, :py:attr:`tag`, and :py:attr:`inst_id` values.

.. code:: python

   def modify_const(const, inst1_param_name, inst2_param_name, dest_ind=0):
       """Modify param_name in inst by multiplying by factor

       Parameters
       ----------
       const : pysat.Constellation
           Object to be modified
       inst1_param_name : str
           Label for variable from the first Constellation Instrument
       inst2_param_name : str
           Label for variable from the seccond Constellation Instrument
       dest_ind : int
           Zero-based index identifying the destination Instrument for the
           modified data variable

       """
       # Ensure there are enough Instruments in the constellation
       min_inst = 2 if dest_ind < 2 else dest_ind + 1
       if len(const.instruments) < min_inst:
           raise ValueError('unexpected number of Instruments in Constellation')

       # Modify the data by adding new a new data variable to the destination

>        # Instrument, calculatd with data from the first and second Instruments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       # Instrument, calculated with data from the first and second Instruments
```
